capital = 622

oob = "PRC_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.7

recruit_character = KAP_Kohane
recruit_character = KAP_reconnaissance_Kaoru
recruit_character = KAP_Zotdam_Kaoru
recruit_character = KAP_in_jang_jujack_Kaoru
recruit_character = KAP_ju_at_su_Kaoru
recruit_character = KAP_Kaoru
recruit_character = KAP_koito
recruit_character = KAP_rei
recruit_character = KAP_ma_jin
recruit_character = KAP_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = KAP_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = KAP_su_yu
recruit_character = KAP_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = KAP_chen_geng
recruit_character = KAP_gao_qiu
recruit_character = KAP_liang_shen
recruit_character = KAP_otto_braun
recruit_character = KAP_gao_gang
recruit_character = KAP_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = KAP_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = KAP_deng_ye_peng
recruit_character = KAP_ye_jianying
recruit_character = KAP_hsia_tian
recruit_character = KAP_zhang_wei
recruit_character = KAP_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = KAP_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = KAP_lin_bojiu
recruit_character = KAP_dong_biwu
recruit_character = KAP_he_yuandang

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 100
}

add_ideas = {
	closed_economy
}

add_opinion_modifier = { target = CHI modifier = hostile_status }
