capital = 64
set_popularities = {
	communism = 50
	democratic = 50
}
recruit_character = KPD_thalman
recruit_character = KPD_pieck
recruit_character = KPD_walter
recruit_character = KPD_wilhelm_munzenberg
recruit_character = KPD_otto_grotewohl
recruit_character = KPD_richard_sorge
recruit_character = KPD_max_seydewitz
recruit_character = KPD_heinrich_brandler
recruit_character = KPD_august_thalheimer
recruit_character = KPD_fritz_selbmann
recruit_character = KPD_bernhard_goring
recruit_character = KPD_hans_jendretzky
recruit_character = KPD_jacob_walcher
recruit_character = KPD_felix_halle
recruit_character = KPD_alexander_schwab
recruit_character = KPD_wilhelm_leuschner
recruit_character = KPD_wilhelm_reich
recruit_character = KPD_otto
recruit_character = KPD_kurt_schumacher
recruit_character = KPD_werner_blumenberg

recruit_character = KPD_heinz_hoffmann
recruit_character = KPD_willi_stoph
recruit_character = KPD_erich_honecker

recruit_character = KPD_elected_officer
recruit_character = KPD_elected_officer_1
recruit_character = KPD_elected_officer_2
recruit_character = KPD_elected_officer_3
recruit_character = KPD_elected_officer_4
recruit_character = KPD_elected_officer_5

set_research_slots = 3
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
		cv_early_fighter = 1
		cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		tactical_bomber1 = 1
		CAS1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
		improved_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		basic_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 20